Court A Current Match Karasuno
(Miyagi)
Court A Current Match Inarizaki
(Hyougo)
Court B Sentoku Court A
Current Match Karasuno (Miyagi)
Court B Sentoku (Hiroshima)
Court B Current Match Sentoku
(Hiroshima)
Current Match (Miyagi)
Current Match Court A Current Match
Inarizaki (Hyougo)
Court B Current Match Court A
Current Match Inarizaki (Hyougo)
Court B Court A Current Match
Court B Iseoka Court A
Court B Iseoka (Aichi)
Court A Current Match Inarizaki
(Hyougo)
Court B Current Match Iseoka
(Aichi)
Current Match (Hyougo)
Current Match Court B Current Match
Sentoku (Hiroshima)
Court C Current Match Court B
Current Match Sentoku (Hiroshima)
Court C Court B Current Match
Court C Yamato Girls'
Court B Current Match Sentoku
(Hiroshima)
(Ehime)
Current Match Sentoku (Hiroshima)
Court C Current Match Yamato Girls'
Current Match (Hiroshima)
Current Match Court B Current Match
Iseoka (Aichi)
Court C Current Match Court B
Current Match Iseoka (Aichi)
Court C Court B Current Match
Court C Rato Court B Current Match
Court C Rato (Chiba)
Court B Current Match Iseoka
(Aichi)
Current Match Iseoka (Aichi)
Court C Current Match Rato (Chiba)
Current Match (Aichi)
Current Match Court C Current Match
Yamato Girls'
Court D Current Match Court C
Current Match Yamato Girls'
Court D Court C Current Match
Court D Nekoma Court C
Court D Nekoma (Tokyo)
Court C Current Match Yamato Girls'
Court D Current Match Nekoma
(Tokyo)
Current Match (Ehime)
Current Match Court C Current Match
Rato (Chiba)
Court D Current Match Court C
Current Match Rato (Chiba)
Court D Court C Current Match Rato
(Chiba)
Court D Sarukawa Tech Court C
Court D Sarukawa Tech (Ishikawa)
Court C Current Match Rato (Chiba)
Court D Current Match Sarukawa Tech
(Ishikawa)
Current Match (Chiba)
Current Match Court D Current Match
Nekoma (Tokyo)
Court D Current Match Nekoma
(Tokyo)
Is this the match you wanted to see, Suguru?
Yeah.
Connect Nekoma?
Left!
Kenma!
Keep Standing Back Up
That was a rather difficult position for a fast attack,
but Sarukawa Tech manages to dig it out!
The Tokyo reps, Nekoma High,
and the Ishikawa reps, Sarukawa Tech.
Both teams are known for their unbreakable defense.
Which team's defense will see them through...
to the third round?!
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu
Haikyuu !
!
Haikyuu
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
'Cause if we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So let's start smiling
Episode Seventeen: Cats vs. Monkeys
Our first time at nationals...
I wish we could've actually traveled somewhere for it. Like, actually got on the bullet train.
Next year... No, wait, this year.
Where's the interhigh this year?
If it's far away, let's go cheer them on.
You're already assuming they'll make it.
Let's believe in our juniors.
Speak of the devil.
Right?
Yeah, no way.
Kenma hates being the center of attention, and yet we managed to drag him to nationals.
It's going on sale next month, right?
He definitely doesn't look like an athlete competing in nationals.
Yep. And the deck goes on sale the week after, right?
Man, I'm broke.
What?!
A ghost?!
From the time he started playing volleyball, up until junior high...
Kenma would always come down with a fever on days practice was extra hard or right after our matches.
I'd always feel kinda bad, considering I'm the one who dragged him into all of this.
Nekoma Nohebi
But now that we've made it all the way to nationals,
I thought he might finally feel it was worth all the trouble,
or so I was hoping.
I'm pretty sure Kenma couldn't care less about that.
You really don't hold back, do you, Yaku?
Well, think about Kenma's personality.
If he really hated it, he would've quit by now.
Right?
Kenma! I told you, no video games before bed!
You'll mess up your sleep cycle!
Well, if I really want to quit, I will.
But I guess I may've felt somewhat bad for Kuro.
What?!
Even I worry about others sometimes.
It's actually a bit of a surprise to hear you say that.
I just said "somewhat."
There's no way I could spend hours practicing just because I felt bad about someone else.
Not to mention, I wouldn't keep playing volleyball if I hated it.
I just keep playing.
I don't have a definite reason to keep playing, but I also don't have a reason to quit.
Not having either is pretty normal.
Indeed.
That's some deep thinking.
Don't make this sound difficult.
I don't like sweating or being out of breath,
but I don't mind leveling up.
Night.
Yeah, night.
He doesn't have much stamina, but he's awkwardly persistent at times.
And he's able to keep up at practice.
Though he knows exactly when to slack.
This makes me think about that one time you mentioned before.
When he woke up super early.
Oh...
Around 5 AM, the light in Kenma's room would always be on when he got in the habit of oversleeping.
I thought he'd been up all night,
but he tells me that he actually woke up early at 2 AM, all to play video games.
His parents would throw away his games if he stayed up all night playing them,
but he thought there wouldn't an issue if he just got up early.
Of course, they found out, and he got in trouble anyway.
I'm sure he could only pull that off because he likes them so much.
But ever since we started practicing with Karasuno, he seems to be trying even harder.
Yeah, I totally see that.
He's always hanging out with the tiny kid from Karasuno.
Even though they're total opposites.
Well, it's not often that he's able to make friends.
And I think he's also the rare real-life obstacle that Kenma actually wants to conquer.
m -51 -4.5 l 55.5 -24 63 6 -51 30
Power m -51 -4.5 l 55.5 -24 63 6 -51 30
Power
m -64.5 -3 l -60 28.5 67.5 4.5 75 -19.5 64.5 -28.5
Stamina m -51 -4.5 l 55.5 -24 63 6 -51 30
Stamina
m -135 -1.5 l -120 55.5 -93 54 130.5 9 118.5 -54
Incomprehensible
m -73.5 -1.5 l -69 31.5 70.5 4.5 82.5 -16.5 72 -24 61.5 -28.5
Technique m -51 -4.5 l 55.5 -24 63 6 -51 30
Technique
m -139.5 -4.5 l -126 57 -79.5 49.5 127.5 9 115.5 -55.5
Incomprehensible
m -51 -4.5 l 55.5 -24 63 6 -51 30
m -136.5 -4.5 l -126 57 -84 52.5 127.5 9 114 -52.5
Incomprehensible And even for Shorty...
I'm pretty sure he wants to defeat Kenma too.
Though Kenma probably wouldn't be too bothered if he got defeated, so it might not be worth the trouble.
Come on, now.
But you know, "Leveling up" is definitely a Kenma thing to say.
Nekoma Grade School Nekoma Grade School
Thank you very much!
Wanna go level up?
Yeah.
Now's not the time to be thinking back fondly on your junior.
Yakkun, have you ever heard of "feelings"?
Four more days of the spring tournament...
I'm going to stand out the most!
Excuse me?!
That's gonna be me!
I'm totally ready for some nice announcer lady to interview me.
Shut up, astaxanthin face!
That's docosahexaenoic acid to you!
What're they arguing about?
Just eat your damn fish and sleep!
Who knows?
Better not get a stomachache after eating meat.
Sorry about this.
It's fine.
Huh?! What'd you say?!
Well, astaxanthin is red, so it matches our team color.
That's not what we're talking about here!
Sarukawa Tech Nekoma
Sarukawa thought they had an opening, but Nekoma manages to dig it out!
Solid masters of defense that they are, Nekoma's not going to let the ball land on their side of the court that easily!
Fukunaga!
I touched it!
Sarukawa Tech is keeping the rally going!
Good job! Take your time attacking!
Apparently, Sarukawa Tech's coach, Shishio, was one of Coach Nekomata's former students.
Correct.
His team's tight defense may be due to everything he learned from his mentor.
Something doesn't feel right.
What do you mean?
It feels like Sarukawa Tech is deliberately avoiding scoring quickly.
Why?
Actually, from my perspective, their attacks seem pretty fast and violent.
Yeah, sure, they've been scoring, and it's not like their attacks haven't been great.
Nekoma can just dig them out because they're Nekoma.
Nekoma has a high-level defense, and they're able to dig out attacks even when they seem flawless.
And I'm not sure if that's why,
but it really seems like Sarukawa is trying to throw Nekoma off their rhythm rather than score.
But what's the point if they can't score?
Well, their intention is probably...
to make Nekoma's setter run.
Fukunaga!
Nice spike!
Connect
Nice, nice, Fukunaga! Nice, nice, Fukunaga! Do it again!
Sarukawa Tech Nekoma
Even if we have to sacrifice the first set, put as much pressure on Nekoma's setter as you can.
He doesn't seem like the type to break mentally, but the type that starts slipping up when he gets tired.
We need to wear him down physically, not mentally.
First, we need to take out...
Nekoma's brain.
Haikyuu!!
Keep up, first-year!
I hate running.
But...
I do sorta like the scenery while I run, as well as what I think about.
I got a power-up!
That ivy over there is definitely the kind you can climb!
And on top of that roof...
is a treasure chest!
Guts!
Hey, you're slow!
You're a lap behind!
Show some more guts!
I can't with him.
Yaku!
Nice receive!
A perfect A-pass!
Nekoma's totally awesome!
I just want to sit down.
An A-pass...
Better than an F-pass.
Kozume,
just because you're close to Kuroo doesn't mean I'm gonna take it easy on you.
What's that even mean?
What difference does it make that I know Kuro?
And this is just a regular passing drill.
He never looks enthusiastic, and his voice is soft,
yet he's actually decent, so it pisses me off.
Take this!
Dammit!
Wow, look at those two go.
You need to at least try to work with others.
He started it.
Yeah...
I enjoy the fact that you're spunky enough to not back down from a fight, but still...
Look, I know you're not gonna suddenly turn into an extrovert,
but you're going to be spending a lot of time with these classmates.
So...
I know we're starting with a brand-new team today and things are still a bit awkward,
but let's do our best again tomorrow!
Thank you!
Hey, Yamamoto.
You running again?
Yep! Good work today!
Yamamoto, no working too hard.
Right...
Guts!
Nekoma             Maruguchi Business
Thank you very much!
Thank you!
Gather up all your things!
Right!
Hey, Kozume.
Your sets were great today.
Yeah.
They were consistent and super easy to hit, even though this was your first practice match.
And you've got some balls doing a dump even though we were behind.
Keep up the great work!
This was my super important practice match debut, yet I just kept hitting out of bounds and into the net.
And to top it all off...
I ran right into Kuroo.
We're going home!
Yamamoto, it was just a practice match.
Don't worry about it.
Right...
Good work!
Thanks!
Kuroo, Coach's calling for you.
Right.
You need to at least try to work with others.
Uh, hey...
Yamamoto.
Maybe you could relax your shoulders a bit.
What? Like you?
Like it's that easy to do.
I'm trying to show off how hard I've been working,
so how am I supposed to relax?
Anyway, this just means that I lacked guts.
Quit blaming something as random as guts.
You should probably reflect on what the actual problem is.
I kept concentrating on the ball too much.
I let my opponent provoke me.
I kept going for all the difficult hits.
I-If you realize that, why do you keep blaming it on guts?
All that extra running and weight training has nothing to do with guts.
It only serves to inflate your ego.
Then what about you, huh?!
There were plenty of balls you could've gone after!
Yeah, but I was tired.
And even if I kept the rally going, the other team would've had an easy opportunity to score.
Well, you never show any guts at practice, so how the hell are you gonna during a match?!
Should we stop them?
They're not even learning anything at this point. It's just turning into a fight.
You never go after the ball!
Let them fight. Sometimes you need that.
Your voice is too soft, and you never seem like you try!
I don't wanna hear about guts from a gutless brat like you!
All you ever talk about is guts!
That's ambiguous as hell!
It's not like it'll help you stay alive with one hit point!
What the hell are you even talking about?!
I'm telling you that it won't help you beat a game!
What the hell do games have to do with this?!
You need strategy and to think about what you need to win!
Hey, that's enough, you two.
Mr. Freeze... says to chill out.
Huh?
What?!
Wait... What?!
Where do I even start?!
Who's Mr. Freeze?
Never mind that! Who's gonna clean this up?!
My bad.
Holy crap, Fukunaga!
Guess we need to get the mop.
Why are you laughing?!
You're pretty funny, Fukunaga.
What the hell's going on?
I haven't shouted like this in forever.
Huh?
What's with this guy?
This isn't...
motivation or guts.
He just...
seriously hates losing!
Kenma!
Left.
Kyanma! Move yer ass!
You could've gotten that one over!
He figured me out.
But taking even another step is such a hassle.
I wish I had a two-meter wingspan.
But he's still gutless.
Boys' High School Volleyball Tournament
Preliminaries Preliminaries
Nice spike, Yamamoto!
Yes!
That was so loud.
Our blocking is starting to get to their number one.
He'll probably try to do a fake attack soon.
They'll probably go for the edges more, so watch your judgment.
Right!
Nekoma                           Kounan Business
I'm glad...
he's not on the other team.
Hey, Kenma.
You can call me "Tora."
That's what my friends call me.
Do I have to call you that?
The hell did you just say?!
Tora!
Coach Nekomata always put defense first.
And his setters have always been intelligent and intuitive.
Connect
That's all because he's so confident in their defense.
Even if we can't bring down their defense head-on, we can chip away at it, little by little.
If we can chip away at their solid defense...
their weak setter will expose himself.
Sarukawa Tech Nekoma
Crush him...
That setter's been babied by having all the passes go right to him.
Now, crush him!
The only thing I'm sure of is that the day will come when I finally get it
It doesn't matter if I make some mistakes along the way as long as I hold onto these feelings
In my dreams I wanted to throw off the yoke of gravity and reality
But the day in day out of bringing it all together had me grounded
The boy who acted all tough like he wasn't scared of anything
Still hasn't been torn away from the sweat of fierce competition
But he's not just hoping for miracles anymore
We can go anywhere we want to because one day our dream will come true
It was no mere coincidence that we made it this far
Every time we're forced from the stage I always wanna get right back on it
And I can hold onto that strong desire because you were there
Episode Eighteen: Trap Episode Eighteen: Trap
Episode Eighteen: Trap Next time: "Trap."